# ELEC Honours Thesis Work
This is a repo for my electrical engineering honours thesis at UNSW.
The subject matter is graph signal processing.

## Reproduce Figs/Results
All figures in this report were produced using python code available at: \url{https://github.com/jimaginary/ELECHONS}. To produce the figures from this thesis, both python, and the python modules from ELECHONS\/requirements.txt must be installed as below. All commands should be run from the root of the ELECHONS directory.
```
$ python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Next the BOM/NOAA data should be downloaded. Each take quite some time, so it is recommended to only install the dataset that will be used. They can be downloaded as below.
```
$ python -m scripts.download_BOM_data
$ python -m scripts.download_NOAA_data
```
The data then needs to be cleaned and processed, which can be done as below.
```
$ python -m scripts.process_BOM_data
$ python -m scripts.process_NOAA_data
```
Then, we are ready to reproduce the figures from the report. Each figure can be reproduced by running the below command, with \{n\} replaced with the figure number from the report.
```
$ python -m fig_scripts.fig_{n}
```
The figure or its results (for a table) will be reproduced and outputted into either the terminal in the case of tabular results, or into the plts folder, or a subfolder. Note that some figures, such as demonstrative diagrams, that do not result from running an analysis script, do not have a corresponding generation script. Some figures are generated by the same command, in which case only the earliest such figure has a script, for example figures 5 and 6.

### Data modifications
- Acorn data station 048027 min has some -999degC entries which are clearly invalid. These have been removed.
- Removed data files from stations without latitutde and longtitude data in the metadata set
- Backfilled, then forwardfilled data in filled_* folders in datasets for ease of use.
- Realised some entries weren't just empty but the dates themselves weren't in the dataset, so redid backfilling to fill missing dates